[Music]
Anglin does not look so different from
Scotland they are sisters
Queen Elizabeth your cousin Mary has
returned to take up her throne in
Scotland the Queen
my dear cousin Elizabeth I hope we might
meet in person because I might embrace
you but ruling side-by-side we must do
so in harmony not through a treaty
drafted by men lesser than ourselves my
dear cousin that carnations cherish each
other as we would two kingdoms United
how did the world come to this wise man
servicing the whims of women
Mary is our foe we must never bow to her
as we bow before you you'll have the
boldness to doubt my judgment
she is only your queen if I should not
produce it on my display to have a man
[Music]
with heavens blessings we bring an heir
to Scotland and to England
it is a clear provocation when you must
make war in Scotland so put your skills
to use
do not play into their hands our hatred
is precisely what they hope for I know
your heart has more within it than the
men who can't feel you you would do well
to watch your work I will not be scolded
by my inferior your Imperium
are you afraid Henry no good because our
swords are not just for sure
we have a scourge upon our land
there's a woman with a crowd
you
your beauty in bravery
now I see there's no cause vanity your
gifts will be your downfall should you
murder me remember you murder your
sister and you murder your queen
[Applause]
[Music]